Use Cases:
1- somebody ask other to share their experience about something, we call it as a topic
2- users can open channel/ group
3- every channel/ group can be contain topics
4- QodQod supporting type of video, text, audio, link, liked twitter
5- userInfo can share post and broadcast it via third-parties liked twitter, facebook, etc.
    5.1 in the case of mobile application such as WhatsApp, Telegram, all of them.
6- API and REST service for third-parties (integration program)


7- UI/UX welcome media ( video ) with youtube / aparat... idea -> https://www.levellingup.ca
8- serving photo and other file from static file

9- flowers
10- send/ receive message
11- userInfo can set status and some info
12- notification?
13- url redirection implementation with parameters...
14- ranking for business and products ( by Mahni)
15- somebody has a patent, then here he/she can present or share it!
    15.1 people have a page
        15.2 history like instagram

16- add google analytic
17- mobile view react native app
18- show message per action such as login, logout, register, etc...
19- is user flow/liked somebody then disable flow/liked button
20- per action need a return url params for UX
21- per any action do someting . e.g if user report SPAM. then let him/her to know
    21.1 e.g aler with javascript msgbox ,etc.
22- duplication (like, dislike, report,etc) must be control)
23- when user like, ... the post then ++ it in place with javascript. when f5 is pressed
    then he/she will show real persisted data
24- call and update hot tags via RESTAPI js
25- publish all of experience in other social networks such as telegram, youtube, etc by bot.

26- در سیستم قضایی ، آموزش پروش و هر سازمانی میتوان به رشد سازمان و بهبود عملکرد آن با تحلیل داده و پردازش آن پی برد
مثلا در سیستم قضایی قضات میتوانند برای هر پرونده تجربه اگر دارند رو به ضورت ناشناس یا با نام خودشان ثبت کنند.
خود سیستم قضایی هم در دراز مدت میتونه از این سیستم بهبود بگیره
ICD Police too
Education Systesm
28- like/ dislike/ reply must redirect to login if user not authenticated.